on Sunday our next guests and their
teammates knocked off the lands of
nether to win their second
United States and they stole greatly -
please welcome co-captains of the team
Alex Morgan and Megan Rapinoe
[Applause]
[Music]
it's funny kind of funny if the World
Cup isn't a cup I know I know we were
looking forward to drinking out of it
but yeah you can you get me a best you
could do is maybe hit each other over
the head with it I got is it fun to win
the World Cup it seems like it must be
it's okay yeah well it's fun after we
win it
yeah when you're in the thick of it it's
like a lot better win this that's what
it feels like when you're in the thick
of it you're celebrating just non-stop
right is that correct or is that just
seeing it that way yeah is it more
exhausting to play in the tournament or
to celebrate winning the tournament
after the tournament I think like during
the tournament it's more emotionally
exhausting after we actually are like so
sleep-deprived so like it's physically
exhausted I'm gonna go after yeah yeah
yeah you know the rigors that we're
putting our bodies through it's not good
right now Megan when did you decide your
hair seems to be changing color is that
correct or is my TV just wrong because
it seems like your hair started pink and
now it's purplish I don't know was that
your plan going in that it you would you
do like a little kind of Dennis Rodman
deal I don't plan anything you don't so
where'd you get the dye for instance I
did I dyed my hair pink the day before I
left for the World Cup and then I was
fading so quickly so I had to get more
and then I took it with me and then I
was doing it myself which is Jenny her
sister bring it yeah my sister brought
over a second batch of it it was a bit
of a mess from afar which is where the
camera catches us during the games
that's fine you can't see the detail it
worked out quite well though I guess
yeah so what can you answer this
question cos I was thinking about this
and I was worried why is the American
team your team so dominant why are you
guys so much better than everyone else
like it's a good question
I mean it's interesting isn't it I mean
it's it's not like that with the men's
team right I mean nothing against them
but it isn't it's not they're not gone
yet
yeah Jamie show that clip from the /
after the parade they're at the rally US
Soccer has invested more in women's
soccer than any country in the world
[Applause]
and we will and we will continue to
invest so that's the president of US
soccer
this has become a big topic of
conversation you want equal pay which I
think by the way I think it's a mistake
shouldn't you be paid more because
[Applause]
bigger umbrella overall but when it
comes to the US teams how many how many
World Cups into the men's team one none
of them right I mean we're taking you to
mediation I think I would be an
effective spokesman on your behalf is it
a situation where you would consider
boycotting the next World Cup if this is
not remedied properly no I mean we
worked our entire caucus say yes or else
or else do you have No yes yes we're not
going back yeah I mean we are working
towards that but I think also our fans
and everyone is speaking for us yeah
well that is nice yeah the world kind of
is rallying around especially and it
seems like this victory came at the
perfect time for this country doesn't it
I mean it's almost it's it's almost like
a storybook type of thing like it seems
like we needed this right at this time
for like six different reasons I mean I
think success helps just drown out all
of the other bad things yeah waiting it
helps everything yeah you be Thailand 13
to nothing do you think you'll ever be
allowed to go to Thailand I have no idea
I don't know I don't know how they're
feeling about it I think they're okay I
think they took the loss as a respectful
one you do okay when you guys when
you're on the field and you're you know
really jostling each other there's
anybody ever go like oh sorry you know
is it more polite than men's sports mmm
no no not at all we're like sorry Oh
like against each other or opponents
well it gets each other I wonder if the
competition because your team is so
dominant if the competition in your
practice is the interest
odd practices is more is bigger it's
wrong in practice is like okay I'm so
sorry it's like you've done that 17
times and said sorry in the exact same
way every single time you don't mean it
yeah you don't mean it do you think if
you split up your team into two teams
you would win first and second place I
mean our must be true yeah this is the
Sports Illustrated that's got to be
exciting will you blow this up and like
hang it in your homes yeah about the bed
like right there no matting or anything
where you're falling did you get like a
million calls and emails and texts and
everything that you felt like you had to
respond to in some ways crazy my inbox
is hanging on for dear life it's out of
control it is causing me totaling I
can't look at are you one of those
people that likes to make sure I'm
keeping my Isaac up on the screen for my
phone and I'm like I just can't even
look down there to that it's wild yeah I
mean people have been talk to you in
yours you know you're like do you
respond Oh to the people you haven't
told us lots of numbers with no contacts
attached to it oh really
yeah right yeah maybe I think a lot of
those people just want to tell their
friends that they texted you and that
you responded to them the tap back
feature in iOS right now is just a
hardened again that's a real MVP the
heart is great yeah the heart is
actually more useful than the actual
human heart alright so president Trump
but making you quite famously now say
that you were not interested in visiting
the White House he said he was going to
invite you guys to the White House
he hasn't invited you to the White House
yet I'm guessing you won't go to the
White House if he doesn't fight him
unless he asks really nicely
but I also don't want to cheat you out
of the experience of visiting the White
House so we prepared something special
for you and if you would just go ahead
and throw open those curtains and ladies
for you
[Applause]
five thousand chicken nuggets and a
couple of actors pretending to be Secret
Service guys and I'm going to tell you
something if you really are the
champions we know you are the three of
us will eat all of these before the show
it the night is done that's right well
congratulations I know I'm walking
around like Phil Donahue or something
but thank you for coming it's really
great to have you here and
congratulations everybody's so happy I
rarely have I seen on ESPN Plus and you
can see what happened behind the scenes
at the World Cup which seems like it was
a lot of fun it's called the equalizer
on ESPN Plus check that out Alex Morgan
and Megan Rapinoe everybody if you like
that video click Subscribe and we'll be
together until one of us dies